.TH "OGC" "1" "2022-04-05" "2.0.14" "ogc Manual"
.SH NAME
ogc \- Just a simple provisioner
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ogc
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Just a simple provisioner
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBdb-migrate\fP
  Database migrations
  See \fBogc-db-migrate(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdb-migrate\fP command.
.PP
\fBshell\fP
  Launches IPython REPL
  See \fBogc-shell(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBshell\fP command.
.PP
\fBrm\fP
  Destroys a node and its associated keys,...
  See \fBogc-rm(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBrm\fP command.
.PP
\fBrm-all\fP
  Destroys everything.
  See \fBogc-rm-all(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBrm-all\fP command.
.PP
\fBrm-key-pairs\fP
  Remove keypairs
  See \fBogc-rm-key-pairs(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBrm-key-pairs\fP command.
.PP
\fBinit\fP
  Initialize OGC
  See \fBogc-init(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBinit\fP command.
.PP
\fBinspect\fP
  List nodes in your inventory
  See \fBogc-inspect(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBinspect\fP command.
.PP
\fBlaunch\fP
  Launches nodes from a provision specification
  See \fBogc-launch(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlaunch\fP command.
.PP
\fBls\fP
  List nodes in your inventory
  See \fBogc-ls(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBls\fP command.
.PP
\fBls-key-pairs\fP
  List keypairs
  See \fBogc-ls-key-pairs(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBls-key-pairs\fP command.
.PP
\fBssh\fP
  Login to a node
  See \fBogc-ssh(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBssh\fP command.
.PP
\fBpush-files\fP
  Scp files or directories to node
  See \fBogc-push-files(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpush-files\fP command.
.PP
\fBpull-files\fP
  Scp files or directories from node
  See \fBogc-pull-files(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpull-files\fP command.
.PP
\fBpull-artifacts\fP
  Download artifacts from node
  See \fBogc-pull-artifacts(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpull-artifacts\fP command.
.PP
\fBexec\fP
  Execute a command across node(s)
  See \fBogc-exec(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBexec\fP command.
.PP
\fBexec-scripts\fP
  (R)Execute a set of scripts
  See \fBogc-exec-scripts(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBexec-scripts\fP command.
.PP
\fBstatus\fP
  Get status of deployment
  See \fBogc-status(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBstatus\fP command.
