# NAME

ogc - Just a simple provisioner

# SYNOPSIS

**ogc** \[OPTIONS\] COMMAND \[ARGS\]\...

# DESCRIPTION

Just a simple provisioner

# COMMANDS

**db-migrate** Database migrations See **ogc-db-migrate(1)** for full
documentation on the **db-migrate** command.

**shell** Launches IPython repl See **ogc-shell(1)** for full
documentation on the **shell** command.

**rm** Destroys a node and its associated keys,\... See **ogc-rm(1)**
for full documentation on the **rm** command.

**rm-all** Destroys everything. See **ogc-rm-all(1)** for full
documentation on the **rm-all** command.

**rm-key-pairs** Remove keypairs See **ogc-rm-key-pairs(1)** for full
documentation on the **rm-key-pairs** command.

**init** Initialize OGC See **ogc-init(1)** for full documentation on
the **init** command.

**inspect** List nodes in your inventory See **ogc-inspect(1)** for full
documentation on the **inspect** command.

**launch** Launches nodes from a provision specification See
**ogc-launch(1)** for full documentation on the **launch** command.

**ls** List nodes in your inventory See **ogc-ls(1)** for full
documentation on the **ls** command.

**ls-key-pairs** List keypairs See **ogc-ls-key-pairs(1)** for full
documentation on the **ls-key-pairs** command.

**log** Stream log output See **ogc-log(1)** for full documentation on
the **log** command.

**server** Starts the tasks server See **ogc-server(1)** for full
documentation on the **server** command.

**ssh** Login to a node See **ogc-ssh(1)** for full documentation on the
**ssh** command.

**push-files** Scp files or directories to node See
**ogc-push-files(1)** for full documentation on the **push-files**
command.

**pull-files** Scp files or directories from node See
**ogc-pull-files(1)** for full documentation on the **pull-files**
command.

**pull-artifacts** Download artifacts from node See
**ogc-pull-artifacts(1)** for full documentation on the
**pull-artifacts** command.

**exec** Execute a command across node(s) See **ogc-exec(1)** for full
documentation on the **exec** command.

**exec-scripts** (R)Execute a set of scripts See **ogc-exec-scripts(1)**
for full documentation on the **exec-scripts** command.

**status** Get status of deployment See **ogc-status(1)** for full
documentation on the **status** command.
